# pyhtml-invoice - straightforward HTML invoice generator written in Python.

This is a straightforward HTML invoice generator written in Python. One of
the advantages over other methods is that the end-user can redirect the
output of the script using whatever commandline tools preferred.

This could be used as a method of generating email invoices, since the CSS
is generated by the included pycss.py file.


# Requirements

Specifically, the following packages are required:

* python-3 


# Installation

Install generate_invoice.py at the location your typical python scripts.

Afterwards, adjust the details and to match your company and client so that
the HTML generated resembles what orders you need to place / deliver.

The script calls pycss.py to generate the CSS for the HTML file. You may
have to edit pycss.py if the styles need to be adjusted.


# Running pyhtml-invoice

Simply execute the script and redirect the contents to the intended
destination (e.g. HTML file or email).

To make an HTML invoice file:

```bash
python generate_invoice.py -d "June 15, 2019" -o /path/to/biz_invoice.html
```

Where `-d` is the datetime and `-o` is the filename you wish to save it to.

To send an email of the invoice, attach the file using an email client of
your choice:

```bash
sendmail customer@domain.com < /path/to/biz_invoice.py
```


# Author

This was developed by Robert Bisewski at Ibis Cybernetics. For more
information, contact:

* Website -> www.ibiscybernetics.com

* Email -> contact@ibiscybernetics.com
